[ACR-1579] Add machine-learning-training docs (#1225)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/machine-learning/machine-learning-training.md

# Machine Learning Training

Machine Learning Training API allows you to construct, control, and train a machine learning model in Tizen devices.

The main features of the Machine Learning Training API include:

> 1. Construction of deep neural network(DNN)

Reviewer: Please add a space before bracket:

1. Construction of deep neural network (DNN)

   - You can construct a DNN model using a model description file or by writing code through Machine Learning Training API.
2. Train with your own data
   - Machine Learning Training API also allows you to train the model with your own data as a File I/O or by defining a data generator.
3. Evaluate the model during train

>    - You can validate and test your model during the training process easily by defining the dataset.

Author: This has been rephrased according to https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1221#discussion_r479974747 for now.

- Changed sequential to unordered list

>    - You can validate and test your model during the training process easily by defining the dataset.

Reviewer: @mijin85cho, thank you for your suggestion. Please let us know if the following is okay:

The main features of the Machine Learning Training API include:

- Constructing deep neural network (DNN)
   - You can construct a DNN model using a model description file or by writing code through Machine Learning Training API.
- Training with your own data
   - Machine Learning Training API also allows you to train the model with your own data as a File I/O or by defining a data generator.
- Evaluating the model during train
   - You can validate and test your model during the training process easily by defining the dataset.

>    - You can validate and test your model during the training process easily by defining the dataset.

Author: Done. Will be updated with V10.

> [!NOTE]
> Every example code does not handle all error use cases.
> Error must be handled more extensively compared to the example code written in this page.

## Prerequisites

To enable your application to use Machine Learning Training API:

> 1. Include the `<nntrainer.h>` header file in your application:

Author: Done

   ```c
   #include <nntrainer.h>
   ```

> 2. Include the following features in your `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Author: Done

   ```xml
   <feature name="http://tizen.org/feature/machine_learning">true</feature>
   <feature name="http://tizen.org/feature/machine_learning.training">true</feature>
   ```

> In case of saving or loading model files from the outside of the application's own resources, the application has to request permission by adding the following privileges to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Author: I changed according to the comment from @surbhig12  https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1221#discussion_r479980616

Could you verify this? Thanks

> In case of saving or loading model files from the outside of the application's own resources, the application has to request permission by adding the following privileges to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

Reviewer: As it is a separarate paragraph, it would not be right to keep it as a sequential step. Please let u sknow your views.

    ```xml
    <privileges>
      <!-- For accessing media storage -->
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/mediastorage</privilege>
      <!-- For accessing external storage -->
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/externalstorage</privilege>
    </privileges>
    ```

## Building blocks

Following are the four major components of Machine Learning Training API:

 * [Model](#model)
 * [Layer](#layer)
 * [Optimizer](#optimizer)
 * [Dataset](#dataset)

### Model

> ![model](./media/model.png)

Author: Done.

`In this figure, data represent input data (or feature) and label is the actual value to be tested over prediction.`

> Model is a wrapper component that has the topology of layers, optimizers and datasets.

Author: Changed after the description. Thanks.

The model performs training and saves the updated parameters that can later be used for inference.

> Currently, only a sequential neural network is supported:

Author: In the style guide, [!NOTE] is for information the user should notice even if skimming.
User does not need to know if she is skimming, so I'd like to leave as it is

```c
// Create model
ml_train_model_h model;
ml_train_model_construct(&model);

/* Configure model(omitted for brevity) */

> // Compile model, this freezes model and cannot modify model afterwards.

Author: Done

ml_train_model_compile(model, "loss=cross", "batch_size=16", NULL);
// run model
ml_train_model_run(model, "epochs=2", "save_path=model.bin", NULL);

// destroy after use
ml_train_model_destroy(model);
```

A number of properties can be set at `ml_train_model_compile` and `ml_train_model_run` phase:

Function | Key | Value | Description
-------- | --- | ----- | -----------
`ml_train_model_compile` | loss      | (categorical)| Loss function to be set
&#xfeff;                 |           | cross        | cross-entropy loss
&#xfeff;                 |           | mse          | mean squared error
`ml_train_model_run`     | epochs    | (integer)    | Determines epochs for the model
&#xfeff;                 | save_path | (file_path)  | Model path to save and read parameters

### Layer

Layer is a component that does actual computation while managing internal trainable parameters.
Currently, input layer and fully connected layer type are supported:

```c
// Create layer
ml_train_layer_h layer;
ml_train_layer_create(&layer, ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_FC);

// configure layer
ml_train_set_property(layer, "unit=10", "activation=softmax", "bias_initializer=zeros", NULL);

> // after add layer to model,

Author: Done for now

// you do not need to destroy layer since ownership is transferred to the model.
ml_train_model_add_layer(model, layer);
```

Following are the available properties for each layer type:

Type | Key | value | Description
---------- | --- | ----- | -----------

> (Universal props)           |                    |               | Universal props that applies to every layer

Author: Done

&#xfeff;                    | name               | (string)      | An identifier for each layer

> &#xfeff;                    | input_shape        | (string)      | Formatted string as "c:h:w". (if there is no channel it should be 1). First layer of the model must have input_shape. Other can be omitted as it is calculated at compile phase.

Author: Changed to "channel:height:width".

> &#xfeff;                    | activation         | (categorical) | An identifier for each layer

Author: Changed description. Thanks

&#xfeff;                    |                    | relu          | relu function
&#xfeff;                    |                    | softmax       | softmax function
&#xfeff;                    | weight_initializer | (categorical) | Weight initializer
&#xfeff;                    |                    | zeros         | Zero initialization
&#xfeff;                    |                    | lecun_normal  | LeCun Normal Initialization
&#xfeff;                    |                    | lecun_uniform | LeCun Uniform Initialization
&#xfeff;                    |                    | xavier_normal | Xavier Normal Initialization
&#xfeff;                    |                    | xavier_uniform| Xavier Uniform Initialization
&#xfeff;                    |                    | he_normal     | He Normal Initialization
&#xfeff;                    |                    | he_uniform    | He Uniform Initialization
&#xfeff;                    | bias_initializer   | (categorical) | Bias initializer, same category as `weight_initializer`
&#xfeff;                    | weight_regularizer | (categorical) | Weight regularizer. Currently, only l2norm is supported

> &#xfeff;                    |                    | l2norm        | l2norm weight regularizer

Author: Changed to `L2 weight regularizer` Thanks for the suggestion.

&#xfeff;                    | weight_regularizer_constant | (float)| weight regularizer constant

> &#xfeff;                    | flatten            | (boolean)     | flatten shape to c:h:w -> 1:1:c*h*w

Author: Changed as

```suggestion
&#xfeff;                    | flatten            | (boolean)     | flatten shape from `c:h:w` to `1:1:c*h*w`
```

`ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_INPUT` |                    |               | Input layer
&#xfeff;                    | normalization      | (boolean)     | normalize input if true
&#xfeff;                    | standardization    | (boolean)     | standardize input if true
`ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_FC`    |                    |               | Fully connected layer
&#xfeff;                    | unit               | (integer)     | number of outputs

### Optimizer

Optimizer determines how to update model parameters according to loss from prediction.
Currently, Stochastic Gradient Descent optimizer and Adam optimizer are supported:

```c
// Create optimizer
ml_train_optimizer_h optimizer;
ml_train_optimizer_create(&optimizer, ML_TRAIN_OPTIMIZER_TYPE_SGD);

// configure optimizer
ml_train_optimizer_set_property(optimizer, "learning_rate=0.001", NULL);

> // after configuring optimizer to model
> // you do not need to destroy optimizer since ownership is transferred to the model.
> ml_train_model_set_optimizer(model, optimizer);

Author: Changed for clarity. Please review this version if possible :)

```suggestion
// Set optimizer to the model
// don't need to destroy optimizer after setting optimizer
// since ownership is transferred to the model.
ml_train_model_set_optimizer(model, optimizer);
```

```

Following are the available properties for each optimizer type:

Type | Key | value | Description
---------- | --- | ----- | -----------

> (Universal props)                   |                    |               | Universal props that applies to every layer

Author: Done

&#xfeff;                            | decay_steps        | (float)       | Decay steps
&#xfeff;                            | decay_rate         | (float)       | Decay rate
&#xfeff;                            | beta1              | (float)       | beta1 coefficient for adam
&#xfeff;                            | beta2              | (float)       | beta2 coefficient for adam
&#xfeff;                            | epsilon            | (float)       | epsilon coefficient for adam

### Dataset

Dataset is in charge of feeding data into the model.
The dataset can either be created from a callback function or created from a file.
For more information, see [configure the model](#configure-the-model) section.

Following code is example of handling dataset:

```c
// Create dataset
ml_train_dataset_h dataset;
ml_train_dataset_create_with_generator(&dataset, generator_train_cb, generator_valid_cb, generator_test_cb);

// configure dataset
ml_train_dataset_set_property(dataset, "buffer_size=100", NULL);

// after setting a dataset to model,
// you do not need to destroy dataset since ownership is transferred to the model.
ml_train_model_set_dataset(model, dataset);
```

## Construct a model

> A model can be constructed with `ml_train_model_construct`.

Author: Done.

> If you have a file that describes the model, the file can be used to construct initially with `ml_train_model_construct_with_file`.

Author: Done

Even if the model is constructed from a file, switching, modifying or setting a component is possible only until you compile with `ml_train_model_compile`.

### Construct a model from a description file

As of now, only INI formatted files `*.ini` is supported to construct a model from a file.

#### Create a model from INI formatted file

Special sections `[Model]` and `[Dataset]` are respectively referring to `model` and `dataset` object.
Rest of INI sections map to a `layer`. Keys and values from each section set properties of the layer.
All keys and values are treated as case-insensitive.

> For example:

Reviewer: Yes, I agree.

Suggestion:

Following is an example of the `*.ini` file:

> For example:

Author: Done

```ini
[Model] # Special section that describes model itself
Type = NeuralNetwork  # Model Type : only NeuralNetwork is supported as of now
Optimizer = adam  # Optimizer : sgd (stochastic gradient decent),
          #             adam (Adaptive Moment Estimation)
#### optimizer related properties
Learning_rate = 0.0001  # Learning Rate for the optimizer

> Decay_rate = 0.96 # for the decay_rate for the decayed learning rate

Author: Since it is not actually decayed learning rate, changed as below

```suggestion
Decay_rate = 0.96 # The decay rate for decaying the learning rate
```

Decay_steps = 1000       # decay step for the exponential decayed learning rate
beta1 = 0.9     # beta 1 for adam
beta2 = 0.9999  # beta 2 for adam
epsilon = 1e-7  # epsilon for adam

#### Model compile related properties
batch_size = 9
loss = cross      # Cost(loss) function : mse (mean squared error)
                        #                       cross (cross entropy)

####  Model run related properties
Epochs = 20     # Epochs

> save_path = "model.bin"   # model path to save / read parameters

Author: Changed to `and` considering the semantics.

[DataSet] # Special section that describes dataset.
BufferSize=9
TrainData="trainingSet.dat"
ValidData="validationSet.dat"
LabelData="label.dat"

# Layer Sections, each section name refers to name of the layer
[inputlayer]
Type = input

> Input_Shape = 1:1:62720 # Input Layer Dimension channel:height:width

Author: Done

Normalization = true

[outputlayer]
Type = fully_connected

> Unit = 2    # Output Layer Dimension ( = Weight Width )

Reviewer: Yes, I agree. it would be good to unify:

For example: 
`Adaptive Moment Estimation (adam)`

> Unit = 2    # Output Layer Dimension ( = Weight Width )

Author: Unified the comment and fix some cases for the example.

bias_initializer = zeros
weight_initializer = xavier_uniform
Activation = sigmoid  # activation : sigmoid, softmax
weight_regularizer = l2norm
weight_regularizer_constant = 0.005
```

The following restrictions must be adhered to:

 * Model file must have a `[Model]` section.
 * Model file must have at least one layer.

>  * Valid keys must have valid properties (while invalid keys in each section will be ignored.)

Author: Done

> [!NOTE]
> All paths are relative to the current working directory unless stating an absolute path.

> > It is recommended to set `save_path` and `Dataset` from the code over describing inside the model file.

Author: It is a recommendation meaning that if the user does not know what she's doing, it is recommended to... 
Is the connotation the same if I change as the suggestion?

> > It is recommended to set `save_path` and `Dataset` from the code over describing inside the model file.

Author: Done for v10

Following example constructs model from INI file:

```c
char *res_path = app_get_resource_path();
char model_path[1024];
ml_train_model_h model;

snprintf(model_path, sizeof(model_path), "%s/model.ini", res_path);
free(res_path);

status = ml_train_model_construct_with_conf(model_path, &model);
if(status != ML_ERROR_NONE) {
  // handle error
}
```

### Construct a model on code

> An empty model can be constructed with `ml_train_model_construct`.

Author: Done

## Configure the model

After constructing a model, the model can be configured.

> [!NOTE]

> > Example code written here reproduces the model description from [Create Model from INI Formatted File](#create-model-from-ini-formatted-file) except that followings are different:

Author: The suggestion does not convey the original meaning that the example code reproduces the given section in a different way. It is open to rephrasing though :)

> * Relative path is changed to dynamic app resource and data path.

> > * Model related properties (that can only be set at compile or run phase)

Reviewer 2: @surbhig12 In a sentence parentheses is not recommended. Would you please modify this line?
For example as like:

Model related properties that can only be set at compile or run phase.

Author: Revised for v10

> > * Demonstration about `ml_train_dataset_create_with_generator` which cannot be covered in the description file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * Demonstration about `ml_train_dataset_create_with_generator`, which cannot be covered in the description file.
```

First, an empty model needs to be created:

```c
ml_train_model_h model;
ml_train_model_construct(&model);
```

### Add a layer

> `ml_train_model_add_layer` appends a layer to the end of the graph in the model:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ml_train_model_add_layer()` appends a layer to the end of the graph in the model:
```

Author: Done

                                                "unit=2",
                                                "bias_initializer=zeros",
                                                "weight_initializer=xavier_uniform",
                                                "activation=sigmoid", NULL);
status = ml_train_model_add_layer(model, layers[1]);
```

### Set an optimizer

Creating and setting `optimizer` to a model can be done in the same manner as `layer`:

```c
status = ml_train_optimizer_create(&optimizer, ML_TRAIN_OPTIMIZER_TYPE_ADAM);
status = ml_train_optimizer_set_property(optimizer, "learning_rate=0.0001",
                                                    "decay_rate=0.96",
                                                    "decay_steps=1000",
                                                    "beta1=0.002",
                                                    "beta2=0.001",
                                                    "epsilon=1e-7", NULL);
status = ml_train_model_set_optimizer(model, optimizer);
```

### Set a dataset

There are two ways to create a dataset. One is from a file, and another one is from a callback.

> In either fashion, you need to provide streams of tensor data and one-hot-encoded labels.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion. How about adding a simple description for "one-hot-encoded labels"?

Author: Added as below:

`One-hot-encoded label is a group of values with only one value representing the label,usually one bit high(1), and rests representing others, normally one bit low(0).`

Reviewer 2: Thanks for adding the sentence.

@surbhig12 Would you please also review this additional sentence?

Beside, a space is needed before "usually"

Reviewer 2: I think we need @zhoonit's check to the suggestion, as I'm not sure if there can be other value not high(1) or low(0). Wasn't only two bits (high(1) and low(0)) allowed, or used for the One-hot-encoded label?

Author: @mijin85cho 
It usually is 1 and 0. Each representing values can be other values though. https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/one_hot.

@surbhig12. One hot encoded label is a label represented by a group of values, not other way around.

I deleted the definition as it seems hard to catch the meaning and it is a commonly known format for this domain, instead elaborated more on the previous sentence.

PTAL.

`
There are two ways to create a dataset. One is from a file, and another one is from a callback.
In either fashion, you need to provide streams of tensor data and arrays of values representing the label, usually one-hot-encoded.
`

> There are two ways to create a dataset. One is from a file, and another one is from a callback.
> In either fashion, you need to provide streams of tensor data and arrays of values representing the label, usually one-hot-encoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to create a dataset. One is from a file, and the other one is from a callback.
In either case, you need to provide streams of tensor data and arrays of values representing the label, usually one-hot-encoded.
```

Author: Done

}

status = ml_train_dataset_set_property(dataset, label_prop,
                                   "buffer_size=9", NULL);
status = ml_train_model_set_dataset(model, dataset);
```

`buffer_size` can be set for dataset.

#### Set a dataset from a generator

Creating a dataset from a generator function is also possible.

1. Prepare a callback function:

    ```c
    /**
    * @brief      get data which size is batch for train
    * @param[out] data
    * @param[out] label
    * @param[out] last if the data is finished
    * @param[in] user_data private data for the callback
    * @retval status for handling error
    */
    int get_train_data(float **data, float **label, bool *last, void *user_data) {
      /* code that fills data, label and last */
      return ML_ERROR_NONE;
    }
    ```

2. Create a dataset from the callback function:

    ```c
    int status = ML_ERROR_NONE;
    ml_train_dataset_h dataset;

    // validation and test callback can be omitted.
    status = ml_train_dataset_create_with_generator(&dataset, get_train_data,
                                                    NULL, NULL);
    ```

## Compile the model

Compiling a model finalizes the model with loss.

> Once compiled, any modification to the properties of the model.
> Adding layers or changing the optimizer/dataset of the model will not be permitted as well:

Author: Changed as

```suggestion
Once compiled, any modification to the properties of the model is restricted.
Adding layers or changing the optimizer/dataset of the model is not permitted neither
```

> Adding layers or changing the optimizer/dataset of the model will not be permitted as well:

Author: Done for v10

```c
int status = ML_ERROR_NONE;

> status = ml_train_model_compile(model, "loss=cross", "batch_size=9", NULL);)

Author: Done

```

## Train the model

> Now, the model is ready to train. Train model as below:

Reviewer: Now, the model is ready to train. Train model as follows:

```c
int status = ML_ERROR_NONE;

> status = ml_train_model_run(model, "epochs=20", "save_path=model.bin", NULL);)

Author: Done

```

## Destroy the model

After training, the model must be destroyed with `ml_train_model_destroy`.

> [!NOTE]
> `ml_train_model_add_layer`, `ml_train_set_optimizer`, `ml_train_set_dataset` transferrers ownership to `model`.

> > `layers`/`optimizers`/`dataset` which belongs to a `model` will also be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `layers`/`optimizers`/`dataset` that belongs to a `model` is also deleted.
```

> > `layers`/`optimizers`/`dataset` that belongs to a `model` is also deleted.

Reviewer 2: While reading the context, I had a doubt at this note. Should this context  be in note format? 
In my opinion, they can be in normal format like below.

After training, the model must be destroyed with `ml_train_model_destroy`.
`ml_train_model_add_layer`, `ml_train_set_optimizer`, and `ml_train_set_dataset` transfers ownership to `model`.
`layers`, `optimizers`, and `dataset` that belongs to a `model` is also deleted.

Author: This does not need to be in note format.  I have changed to note tag from the earlier suggestion in https://github.com/Samsung/tizen-docs/pull/1221#discussion_r480822286

@surbhig12, could you check this out?

Reviewer: It is fine. Thank you

Author: Changed to the normal format.

> `layers`, `optimizers` and `dataset` that belongs to the `model` is also deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`layers`, `optimizers` and `dataset` that belongs to the `model` are also deleted.
```

Author: Done.

# Machine Learning Training

Machine Learning Training API allows you to construct, control, and train a machine learning model in Tizen devices.

The main features of the Machine Learning Training API include:

- Constructing deep neural network (DNN)
   - You can construct a DNN model using a model description file or by writing code through Machine Learning Training API.
- Training with your own data
   - Machine Learning Training API also allows you to train the model with your own data as a File I/O or by defining a data generator.

> - Evaluating the model during train

Author: I am good with the suggestion. Updated.

2. To use the Machine Learning Training API, include the following features in your `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

   ```xml
   <feature name="http://tizen.org/feature/machine_learning">true</feature>
   <feature name="http://tizen.org/feature/machine_learning.training">true</feature>
   ```

In case of saving or loading model files from the outside of the application's own resources, the application has to request permission by adding the following privileges to the `tizen-manifest.xml` file:

    ```xml
    <privileges>
      <!-- For accessing media storage -->
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/mediastorage</privilege>
      <!-- For accessing external storage -->
      <privilege>http://tizen.org/privilege/externalstorage</privilege>
    </privileges>
    ```

## Building blocks

Following are the four major components of Machine Learning Training API:

 - [Model](#model)
 - [Layer](#layer)
 - [Optimizer](#optimizer)
 - [Dataset](#dataset)

### Model

Model is a wrapper component that has the topology of layers, optimizers, and datasets.
The model performs training and saves the updated parameters that can later be used for inference.

![model](./media/model.png)

> In this figure, `data` represent input data (or feature) and `label` is the actual value to be tested over prediction.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for adding this sentence to describe `data / label`.

@surbhig12 Would you please also review this added sentence?

Reviewer 2: I'd like to add one more comment to @surbhig12's suggestion. How about removing the parentheses in the sentence?

Model is a wrapper component that has the topology of layers, optimizers, and datasets.
The model performs training and saves the updated parameters that can later be used for inference. In the following figure, `data` represents input data or feature, and `label` is the actual value to be tested over prediction:

![model](./media/model.png)

Author: Updated as per @surbhig12, @mijin85cho 's suggestion

&#xfeff;                 |           | mse          | mean squared error
`ml_train_model_run()`     | epochs    | (integer)    | Determines epochs for the model
&#xfeff;                 | save_path | (file_path)  | Model path to save and read parameters

### Layer

Layer is a component that does actual computation while managing internal trainable parameters.
Currently, input layer and fully connected layer type are supported:

```c
// Create layer
ml_train_layer_h layer;
ml_train_layer_create(&layer, ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_FC);

// configure layer
ml_train_set_property(layer, "unit=10", "activation=softmax", "bias_initializer=zeros", NULL);

// after adding the layer to model,
// you do not need to destroy layer since ownership is transferred to the model.
ml_train_model_add_layer(model, layer);
```

Following are the available properties for each layer type:

Type | Key | value | Description
---------- | --- | ----- | -----------
(Universal properties)           |                    |               | Universal properties that applies to every layer
&#xfeff;                    | name               | (string)      | An identifier for each layer

> &#xfeff;                    | input_shape        | (string)      | Formatted string as "channel:height:width". (if there is no channel it should be 1). First layer of the model must have input_shape. Other can be omitted as it is calculated at compile phase.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

Formatted string as "channel:height:width" (if there is no channel then it must be 1).

Please verify. Not clear.

Author: Done. I also removed the parenthesis. 

`Formatted string as "channel:height:width". If there is no channel then it must be 1.`

&#xfeff;                    | weight_regularizer_constant | (float)| weight regularizer constant
&#xfeff;                    | flatten            | (boolean)     | flatten shape from `c:h:w` to `1:1:c*h*w`
`ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_INPUT` |                    |               | Input layer
&#xfeff;                    | normalization      | (boolean)     | normalize input if true
&#xfeff;                    | standardization    | (boolean)     | standardize input if true
`ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_FC`    |                    |               | Fully connected layer
&#xfeff;                    | unit               | (integer)     | number of outputs

### Optimizer

Optimizer determines how to update model parameters according to loss from prediction.
Currently, Stochastic Gradient Descent optimizer and Adam optimizer are supported:

```c
// Create an optimizer
ml_train_optimizer_h optimizer;
ml_train_optimizer_create(&optimizer, ML_TRAIN_OPTIMIZER_TYPE_SGD);

// Configure a optimizer
ml_train_optimizer_set_property(optimizer, "learning_rate=0.001", NULL);

// Set optimizer to the model
// don't need to destroy optimizer after setting optimizer

> // since ownership is transferred to the model.

Reviewer: Suggestion:
// Set optimizer to the model
// No need to destroy the optimizer after setting optimizer, since the ownership is transferred to the model

Please verify

Author: Done

&#xfeff;                            | beta2              | (float)       | beta2 coefficient for adam
&#xfeff;                            | epsilon            | (float)       | epsilon coefficient for adam

### Dataset

Dataset is in charge of feeding data into the model.
The dataset can either be created from a callback function or created from a file.
For more information, see [configure the model](#configure-the-model) section.

Following code is example of handling dataset:

```c
// Create dataset
ml_train_dataset_h dataset;
ml_train_dataset_create_with_generator(&dataset, generator_train_cb, generator_valid_cb, generator_test_cb);

// configure dataset
ml_train_dataset_set_property(dataset, "buffer_size=100", NULL);

// after setting a dataset to model,
// you do not need to destroy dataset since ownership is transferred to the model.
ml_train_model_set_dataset(model, dataset);
```

## Construct a model

A model can be constructed with `ml_train_model_construct()`.
If you have a file that describes the model, the file can be used to construct initially with `ml_train_model_construct_with_file()`.

> Even if the model is constructed from a file, switching, modifying, or setting a component is possible only until you compile with `ml_train_model_compile()`.

Reviewer: In my opinion usage of "only" is fine here as it is emphasizing.

Reviewer 2: My concern was that the "only" is emphasizing the sentence in negative tone. 
In my understanding the tone of the original sentence was positive, and it is changed to negative tone now.
If I understood something wrong, please let me know.

Reviewer 2: As I asked to @surbhig12 I think removing "only" is better. I hope @zhoonit also check these comments.

Author: "only" removed.

loss = cross      # Cost(loss) function : mse (mean squared error)
                        #                       cross (cross entropy)

####  Model run related properties
Epochs = 20     # Epochs
save_path = "model.bin"   # model path to save and read parameters

[DataSet] # Special section that describes dataset.
BufferSize=9
TrainData="trainingSet.dat"
ValidData="validationSet.dat"
LabelData="label.dat"

# Layer Sections, each section name refers to name of the layer
[inputlayer]
Type = input
Input_Shape = 1:1:62720 # Input Layer Dimension in channel:height:width
Normalization = true

[outputlayer]
Type = fully_connected
Unit = 2    # Output Layer Dimension ( Weight Width )
bias_initializer = zeros
weight_initializer = xavier_uniform
Activation = sigmoid  # activation : sigmoid, softmax
weight_regularizer = l2norm
weight_regularizer_constant = 0.005
```

The following restrictions must be adhered to:

 - Model file must have a `[Model]` section.
 - Model file must have at least one layer.
 - Valid keys must have valid properties. The invalid keys in each section is ignored.

> [!NOTE]
> All paths are relative to the current working directory unless stating an absolute path.

> > It is recommended to set `save_path` and `Dataset` from the code over describing inside the model file.

Reviewer: @zhoonit, yes the connation will be the same. Suggest changing as suggested by @mijin85cho:

Set `save_path` and `Dataset` from the code rather than describing inside the model file.

Author: Done

Following example constructs model from INI file:

```c
char *res_path = app_get_resource_path();
char model_path[1024];
ml_train_model_h model;

snprintf(model_path, sizeof(model_path), "%s/model.ini", res_path);
free(res_path);

status = ml_train_model_construct_with_conf(model_path, &model);
if(status != ML_ERROR_NONE) {
  // handle error
}
```

### Construct a model on code

An empty model can be constructed with `ml_train_model_construct()`.

## Configure the model

After constructing a model, the model can be configured.

> [!NOTE]
> Example code written here reproduces the model description from [Create Model from INI Formatted File](#create-a-model-from-ini-formatted-file) except that followings are different:
> - Relative path is changed to dynamic app resource and data path.

> > - Model related properties (that can only be set at compile or run phase)

Reviewer: Suggestion:
- Model related properties that can only be set at compile or run phase.

Author: Done

status = ml_train_model_set_dataset(model, dataset);
```

`buffer_size` can be set for dataset.

#### Set a dataset from a generator

Creating a dataset from a generator function is also possible.

1. Prepare a callback function:

    ```c
    /**
    * @brief      get data which size is batch for train
    * @param[out] data
    * @param[out] label
    * @param[out] last if the data is finished
    * @param[in] user_data private data for the callback
    * @retval status for handling error
    */
    int get_train_data(float **data, float **label, bool *last, void *user_data) {
      /* code that fills data, label and last */
      return ML_ERROR_NONE;
    }
    ```

2. Create a dataset from the callback function:

    ```c
    int status = ML_ERROR_NONE;
    ml_train_dataset_h dataset;

    // validation and test callback can be omitted.
    status = ml_train_dataset_create_with_generator(&dataset, get_train_data,
                                                    NULL, NULL);
    ```

## Compile the model

Compiling a model finalizes the model with loss.
Once compiled, any modification to the properties of the model is restricted.

> Adding layers or changing the optimizer/dataset of the model is not permitted neither:

Reviewer: Suggest rephraing to:

Once compiled, any modification to the properties of the model is restricted.
Adding layers or changing the optimizer or dataset of the model is not permitted either:

Author: Done
